I've made myself very clear.
Everyone plays their own way
Don't get confused
Don't forget that we haven't officially divorced yet.
You are still Mrs. Fu
Mrs. Rich, when did you ever think I was Mrs. Rich?
If you have the ability, please announce to everyone that I am your wife now.
Did you deliberately provoke me to turn back?
It's so clumsy.
I don't want you to look back
I just want to soak him
Are you crazy?
Do you know who that is?
know
I know you dare
The Bo family is not something you can afford to provoke
If you want to say so
I'm not convinced
I'll give you 5 million alimony
You go home right now
Hello, sister Yan
Does Sister Chuan Ge Yan have any misunderstanding about me?
You two are a perfect match.
Sister Yan, you misunderstood.
I don't mean anything else.
I'm just discussing music with Brother Chuan
You did nothing wrong.
You don't need to apologize.
Seduce a married man to be a mistress
Isn't it wrong?
What nonsense are you talking about?
I have nothing at home
We are both innocent
Then according to you
As long as you don't do the last step, it's not cheating
Strictly in accordance with the attached standards
Yanshao